// For more info visit https://faq.ftb.world/books/ftb-utilities/page/ranks

[player]
power: 1
default_player_rank: true
ftbutilities.back.back: true
ftbutilities.back.cooldown: 0s
ftbutilities.back.home: true
ftbutilities.back.respawn: true
ftbutilities.back.rtp: true
ftbutilities.back.spawn: true
ftbutilities.back.tpa: true
ftbutilities.back.warmup: 3s
ftbutilities.chat.name_format: <{name}>
ftbutilities.chat.nickname.colors: false
ftbutilities.chat.nickname.set: false
ftbutilities.chunkloader.max_chunks: 128
ftbutilities.claims.attack_animals: false
ftbutilities.claims.block.edit: false
ftbutilities.claims.block.interact: false
ftbutilities.claims.max_chunks: 256
ftbutilities.homes.cooldown: 0s
ftbutilities.homes.cross_dim: true
ftbutilities.homes.max: 5
ftbutilities.homes.warmup: 3s
ftbutilities.rtp.cooldown: 10s
ftbutilities.rtp.warmup: 3s
ftbutilities.spawn.cooldown: 0s
ftbutilities.spawn.warmup: 3s
ftbutilities.tpa.cooldown: 10s
ftbutilities.tpa.warmup: 3s

[admin]
power: 100
default_op_rank: true
ftbutilities.back.back: true
ftbutilities.back.cooldown: 0s
ftbutilities.back.home: true
ftbutilities.back.respawn: true
ftbutilities.back.rtp: true
ftbutilities.back.spawn: true
ftbutilities.back.tpa: true
ftbutilities.back.warmup: 3s
ftbutilities.chat.name_format: <{name}>
ftbutilities.chat.nickname.colors: false
ftbutilities.chat.nickname.set: false
ftbutilities.chunkloader.max_chunks: 128
ftbutilities.claims.attack_animals: false
ftbutilities.claims.block.edit: false
ftbutilities.claims.block.interact: false
ftbutilities.claims.max_chunks: 256
ftbutilities.homes.cooldown: 0s
ftbutilities.homes.cross_dim: true
ftbutilities.homes.max: 5
ftbutilities.homes.warmup: 3s
ftbutilities.rtp.cooldown: 10s
ftbutilities.rtp.warmup: 3s
ftbutilities.spawn.cooldown: 0s
ftbutilities.spawn.warmup: 3s
ftbutilities.tpa.cooldown: 10s
ftbutilities.tpa.warmup: 3s
